Ziyu Beta Reading (#3)
mienaikoe/ziyu: Chapters/2-0-Part2.md

# Part II: Kipnu

_None shall terminate the flow of consciousness_

&nbsp;

_whether their own or another's;_

_whether temporarily or permanently;_

> _whether directly or indirectly;_
> 
> _whether by force or by accident;_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_whether with touch or with induction;_

_whether by intent or by accident;_
```

idk. I think you can use better words, not sure if the ones I suggested get your intentions across. Maybe we can workshop this passage.

Author: I think  got some better ones in
